What you see in video games can be similar to what you'll experience depending
on which service you join. I joined the Navy, and I don't think
that there are that many video games out there that really showcase
the Navy life. A lot of it is taking care of equipment, and I don't
think that that's so, I don't think anyone has made the right video
game that shows the fun in doing that. What they do show is the
combat situations that army people and marine people experience. I've
never experienced it myself, but I can imagine what it's like. I
have experienced boot camp, I've experienced walking around, I've seen
it themselves, and I've heard it based on the stories that they've
told me, and for the most part, it can be true, especially in wartime.
I'm not saying that that's fun, but I think that the video game
simulations that we have are very similar to the life that is shown,
that I've seen.